[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> What happened one
million years ago?
I am your host,
Matias De Stefano.
In this episode, I
am going to walk you
through the beginning
of human civilizations
and what that means for the
future of humanity today.
Pyramids are the
ancient technology,
not only from this
planet, but also
for many of them that are
part of the confederation.
In many planets, we used
to build these structures
because it was a physical way
in which we could be connected
to the 9th dimensions. .
What we see now
as pyramids is not
what you're supposed to see.
What you're supposed
to see is the sphere.
They have eight
dimensions within.
The fourth dimension
of the pyramids
you would see when they move.
You should not see triangles.
You should see a sphere,
with many triangles
moving and waving around.
There is a main reason
why in every planet,
you will find these
pyramid buildings.
Like only four phases
or three phases
or five phases is depending on
the dimension in which you want
to connect the faces you
will have, the structure
you will create.
So these structures, they
are not to go to the top.
They are not mountains
where you go to the sun.
They are structures
to go within.
That's why the chambers
are very dark in the core
of the pyramid, so you
could go within and have
the strength of every
dimension heading
towards the center
of the pyramid.
When you build this structures
around a planet which
is a sphere, you
are able to contact
the information
of every time line
and every space of
this network of planet.
So you can go to the
core of the planet
and you can go through
every dimension of what
this planet means, opening the
portals towards every dimension
and contact every reality
and every information
you want to contact.
This is like computers from
where you download programs.
But the programs are not
going to the computer itself,
but the person is within.
The only way you can record this
information in a physical way
is by water or blood.
Water or blood are
exactly the same,
so water is the
only reality that
can switch its vibration,
its shape, by the information
that it's receiving.
That's why only jars of water
in the middle of the pyramids
or a person in the
middle of the pyramid
are the only ones
that can imprint
this information
from every dimension
within, activating
it in the DNA,
or the patterns of
the ice, the water.
So pyramids around the world are
like a big network of computers
downloading information
from every dimension,
so we as humans could
have this information
towards our own evolution
as physical beings,
emotional beings,
and spiritual beings.
All the pyramids in
the world are aligned,
and they work for different
kind of constellations.
If you see the pyramids of
China, the pyramids of Egypt,
and the pyramids of
Peru, what you will find
is that the Earth is reflecting
the portals of Pleiades, Orion,
and Sirius.
If you see the
sky, you will find
that if you see the three
stars of Orion's portal,
at your left, you will
have the stars of Sirius.
At your right, you will
find the stars of Pleiades.
So when you see this
structure and you print it
into the Earth, you will find
China pyramids, Egypt pyramids,
and Peruvian pyramids.
So the whole planet can hold
the frequency of the biggest
portal towards
the spiritual self
in China, towards the biggest
portal of every dimension
in Egypt, and then improve
the order of the being,
and the order of
the Confederation.
And all this
crossing of energy is
like the pyramids are
aligning themselves
so the energy of the sun always
can come inside the planet,
and keep rolling within to
activate the whole machine.
We understood that the planet
was like a ship, a ship
through time.
So there are some
people that used
to call the Earth like a ship
with no core in the middle,
and it was built just
to do experiments.
But in the past, we
understood that nature is
the technology of the spirit.
So there was now other beings
in the universe creating
our world.
They were just understanding
that if this world was allowing
life to be here, it was
because we were prepared
to use this ship through time.
Pyramids all over the world are
the antennas, the structures
for the nine dimensions,
so they could bring you
through the times, and
bring all this energy
from the whole solar system
to the core of the planet,
so the planet
itself could become
a pyramid, a great octahedron
to create new realities
in different times.
One million years ago,
the Ice Age started.
This Ice Age started to cover
Europe, America, and Asia,
and the whole
ocean in the south.
At this period of
humanity, we were
starting to
understand who we are
as a species, a
different way of species,
and homo sapiens start being
created around the planet.
And that was the moment where
the Confederation understood
that we as humanity
were the ones picked
by the evolution of Earth to
be the ones that would activate
the mechanism of knowledge,
the mechanism of thinking
of the planet.
Every species is a part
of the body of the planet.
But when some of
those species start
to activate the
memory, to activate
the knowledge of itself,
and we became like,
aware of who we
are, we as humans
became the neurons of the
thoughts of the planet.
That means that
this planet is going
to create this network
of eight dimensions
in the third dimension.
From many other planets,
the Confederation
start to come to
the planet Earth
to prepare humanity to
be aware of themselves,
and to give them
tools to evolve faster
than they were doing here.
Pyramids are the
structure of technology
that ancient civilizations
and alien civilizations
from this planet used to use
to contact the ninth dimension,
and to be a creative
being connected
to the dream of reality.
The first ones to come from
the stars to this Earth
were the ones in planets
where it was really cold.
The Nemnir were big beings,
like tall, very tall,
like giant beings, and they
used to live in the ice.
They used to live
close by the Poles
so they could stand
the heat of the planet.
So while humans were
trying to survive the cold,
they were living close by the
coldest areas of the planet.
So they were kind of
protecting the ice.
And at that moment, they
were the first civilizations
from other galaxies
or other systems
coming here, and recording
the data of who we are,
and why we are
here into the ice.
At the first stages of
humanity, and the first stages
of those civilizations
that came from the skies,
we had this knowledge
that the only thing
that can keep information
through time was water.
Water is the only
element that can
live through the time and space
constantly and never change.
So that's why they recorded
all the information
through the water.
And the best way to put all
this information in the planet
was through ice.
So that's why they came here
to record all the knowledge
from every civilization,
so we, as humans, could
drink that water and have
that information too, aware
of our purpose on this planet.
That is why North Pole
and South Pole became
like the libraries
of the planet,
the places where not
only naturally, it
was recorded everything
that we've done,
and everything that
we are meant to be,
but not only as a species
here on this planet,
but also as beings
around the universe.
They started to create
these kind of civilizations
in the Poles, where they
could protect humanity
from other beings from other
levels of consciousness,
and by doing this, they
start to give humanity
the first DNA that moves
us towards what we call now
Homo sapiens-sapiens.
It was a very fast
evolution in that age.
We humanity were just hunting
and grabbing some fruits
around.
And from that moment, when these
civilizations came to Siberia,
to northern Europe, and also
in Antarctica, all of them
gave us the
information so we could
know one of the most
important things that
changed human history
forever, storage seeds.
They were the agriculturists
of the galaxy,
so they knew how to
store the seeds of DNA.
So they told us how to
store seeds of plants
so we could survive
during all this ice age.
That was the seed of our
change as Homo sapien-sapiens.
We started for the
first time a village,
so we started civilizations.
After that, all
the civilizations
that came from the sky
were willing to give us
some part of the
information that they had,
not only from within
but also from outside.
They gave us tools to
build our civilizations.
They gave us words to
understand themselves,
so we start to speak, not
only the languages from Earth,
but also the languages from sky.
So they start to split
the world so they
could teach to different
humans, and see
the reactions of every
race that we have
here towards that information.
500,000 years ago,
the world started
to split into four species
that came from the sky.
I used to call the first ones
that came here the Soffhir.
Soffhir were like humans,
but the shape of a reptile.
The reptilian ones were the
ones that came here first,
because they knew how
to adapt to a world.
So they came to the hottest
places in the world,
like Africa, like Middle
East, like Central America.
They also came to Australia
and southeast of Asia,
and all these regions.
And they were the first one
going around the whole planet,
looking for these people to hold
the information of the snakes
within.
And they saw that
the only beings that
were able to understand the
information of the snake
were women.
So women were the
first ones that
were taught about
the information
of the whole universe,
to become alchemists.
They as reptilians taught
the first priestesses
of the planet how
to transform reality
from the seeds from the
plants, and became shamans.
Women were the first
shamans of the world,
and the snakes taught
them how to do that.
So after that, women taught men
how to understand the world,
and then men started to rule
the world from that information.
That's why this symbol of
snakes were the first symbols
that every human has honored
in the history of humanity.
Because they saw
the Soffhir coming
from the skies like
gods, and teaching them
the information of the snake.
In ancient civilizations, we
understood that this snake
is around the world.
If you just look very deep into
the formation of the planet,
you can see the snake.
It's connected by
the highest mountains
along every spinal cord
of the body of the planet.
It was the kundalini
around the whole planet.
And they followed
the path of the snake
so they could understand the
information of the whole world.
This information of the Soffhir
started in Anatolia, Turkey.
This is where we call the
head of the snake, the head
of the snake, where the
whole information of the most
important knowledge of how
to survive on this planet
was created.
There in the core of Anatolia,
in the core of Turkey,
they created this
small spot where you
could see the eye of the snake.
The eye of the snake
was a settlement
in the middle of
Anatolia, where everyone
would go to see the
snake on the eye,
so they could be connected
to the whole information
of the whole planet.
That's why this region there
was one of the most important
in the world to understand
the knowledge of humanity,
to understand the
knowledge of Soffhir.
After that you could
see the pineal gland,
which is close by, the Ararat
Mount in the border of Armenia.
There in that region, the whole
information of the Caucasus
was the information of
the knowledge itself
of the soul of the snake.
After that, you have
the heart of the snake
in Persia, so now Iran
and Pakistan, Afghanistan.
All this region means
the heart of the snake,
so it is the place where the
next civilizations coming would
activate the heart
of the information.
That's why many people
from other places
stop coming to the head and
to the tail of the snake,
and they went to the heart.
That's why the Persian Gulf was
so important for the creation
of the new humanity.
After that, we had the
plexus of the snake,
which is the Karakorum, that
we used to know as Tibet.
The Karakorum was the region
where the Taklamakan Desert.
There the humanity learn
how to be themselves.
After that, the information
of the snakes go to Siberia.
And at that point, in the Baikal
Lake and all the region that
goes to Chukotka is the
region where women were taught
how to create the realities.
So it is the sacrum chakra.
And then after that, we
had the root chakra going
to Alaska and North America.
The root chakra is the part of
the kundalini of the planet.
And that's why the
whole tide of the snake
comes from Alaska going through
the Rocky Mountains, Central
America, and ending in
the end of the Andes
is Tierra del Fuego in
southern Argentina and Chile.
All this snake that is
going through the planet
is the highest mountains,
and also the Ring of Fire,
where the information
of the Soffhir
was settled during the
whole civilizations,
and the places where the
humanity took the information
from the snake to understand
how to transform the reality.
So after the Soffhir,
came the Alithir.
The Alithir were the
angels of the sea.
They protected
the Pacific Ocean.
So they were in the islands
all around the Pacific Ocean
and the Indian Ocean, protecting
the knowledge of water.
They were the ones
that were trying
to hold information of
water, and to transform
the DNA of humanity.
The Alithir are also known
as the Mu civilization.
The Mu civilization where
the ones that taught
humanity how to find the
truth in their bloods.
Nemnir were the
next one's coming.
giants of the Poles.
They were protecting
the ice, so they
were the ones that in every ice
age, brought this information,
and hold this information for
humanity and for the world.
And after them the Aessir came.
The Aessir is the name
with which I remember what
you used to call the Annunaki.
They were son of the
snakes, but they were also
part of other planets that were
destroyed during the evolution
of our systems.
So they didn't have this
planet anymore where
they used to live.
And they came to this
planet, to the core
of the heart of the snake,
which was Arabia, Iraq, Iran,
Oman, and all this
places of the Middle East
where the garden to
create humanity was built.
This is because it was
the heart of the snake,
and also because a
lot of plateaus--
Africa, Middle East,
Anatolia, Europe, and Asia--
are pressing with all this
information geologically
towards this tiny region.
So all this region has this
energy going to the river.
This region was the one where
all the information of humanity
was held through all the
snake, and the main pattern
of the planet, what was Africa.
Africa is from the very
beginning of the planet,
the core of the flower of life.
So that's why Africa is
one of the spots where
all the humans and all the
living beings were born.
Because from there,
life comes up.
So that's why all the process
of transformation of the planet
was held around
through the snake,
but the core of the flower
is in the middle of Africa.
If we have the
body of the planet,
you will see that Egypt is one
of the most important places.
Because the whole energy
of the heart chakra,
the root chakra, the sacrum,
and the plexus are going there.
The whole planet,
even the Poles,
they were holding
this information,
creating this
interdimensional information.
But they are not
important by itself.
The pyramids are not the
machines that work for itself.
They don't work if we
don't go in, if we are not
aligned with our own pyramids.
And that's why many of
them aren't working.
They are like very
old technology.
They are like dead
in most of the cases.
So this happened
because we didn't
have maintenance on them.
But the most important
thing, is because we didn't
have maintenance of ourselves.
The only way you can upload
or download information
from a pyramid is if you
are able to handle that.
And that's why we need to
understand that there are
pyramids all around the world.
But until we then
activate our own pyramids
within, our own octahedron,
our own power from the heart,
our own chamber inside--
if we don't find the darkness of
the void in the ninth dimension
within, we are not
going to be able to get
into the information that
goes through those pyramids
around the world.
That's why it's good
to know where they are.
It's good to know about
the structure they have,
the histories that
they have, which were
very different from each other.
But the most important
thing that they
have to teach
about themselves is
that they reflected in
the architectural way
what we have within.
So in order to activate
every pyramid in the world
and become again like the
mirror towards the unity,
you have first to
become your own pyramid.
And that's the goal for
the future of humanity.
We need to become
our own technology,
to be a line to the self to
go through every dimension.
And then after that, when
we realize who we are,
we can go to the pyramids, and
we can get in the pyramids,
and say the most important
verve in the universe,
we can bring all the information
from every dimension inside.
The most important
verve in the universe
is when you realize who you are.
So when you say, I am farther
than your personality,
farther than your body, than
your soul, than your spirit,
when you realize that
the three of them
are just the essence
of who you really are,
when you get into the chamber
of a pyramid and you say I am,
the real I am, so you
connect the whole network
of the eight dimensions here
on the three-dimensional world.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias de Stefano
for this series on the
creation of the universe.
Stay tuned for the
next episode, where
we will dive into Atlantis,
Lemuria, and human history.
[MUSIC PLAYING]